Add perf for 2024-05-21 (#1908)
rust-lang/rustc-perf: triage/2024-05-21.md

# 2024-05-21 Triage Log

> Fairly quiet week with the except of a very large improvement coming from the switch to `rust-lld` on nightly Linux. This can have very large impacts on benchmarks where linking dominates the build time (e.g., `hello-world`). Aside from that change, there were a few small regressions that were either deemed worth it or are still being investigated.

Reviewer: (also there's a typo)

how about something like this?

```suggestion
Fairly quiet week with the exception of a very large improvement coming from the switch to `rust-lld` on nightly Linux. This can have very large impacts on benchmarks where linking dominates the build time (e.g., `ripgrep`, `exa`, small binaries like `hello-world`). Aside from that change, there were a few small regressions that were either deemed worth it or are still being investigated.
```
